NASA’s Curiosity Mars Rover is still working hard, digging up knowledge that, unlike most things on Earth, could continue to enrich Mankind for as long as we and our memories remain.  If not forgotten, it only grows stronger along with our other knowledge through time.  

What we have gathered over the last hundred thousand years grants us powers and abilities that if our ancestors could witness our might, they would wonder if we might one day approach omnipotence ourselves.  
Return life to the dead?  We dabble.  
Cure the sick?  Check.  
Fly so high we touch the Sun?  The Parker Solar Probe will come as close as 3.83 million miles to the Sun, well within the orbit of Mercury and about seven times closer than any spacecraft has come before.  
Bring about life itself, assembling lifeless chemicals into something that survives, changes, feeds, and multiplies?  We actually have done that, though we cheated some by copying our blueprint from a germ that we sliced away the extra features from its DNA that were not directly responsible for its survival.  
Part a sea?  Well that is beyond us but we can sure blast a lot of water out the way for a few seconds.  
Flood the whole world?  The oceans are already rising, folks.  We know that CO2 traps heat on Earth, like your car windows trap heat enough that we can barely grip the wheel.  It is not like we are just making up stories to scare you, you see that rolling up windows traps heat, you feel its deadly power.  You believe it.  

Now believe this, because we have sharp eyes and keen senses, we KNOW that human activities have raised the atmosphere's carbon dioxide content by 50% in less than 200 years.

Let me put it this way for those of Faith:  We dam a river God placed there, and we can replace land with a new Lake.   Boosting CO2 by 50% is like daming ALL of the rivers so that the water level rises by 50%  But we are not flooding the world with cool, refreshing water.  We are flooding it with a Hellish inferno of air so hot, that if you were naked, soaked, and fanned to limit of evaporation from your body for cooling, you would still die of heat stroke.  (google wet bulb) We are rolling up the windows of Earth, and every dog, baby, any of God's creatures we leave on Earth should curse the Willful Blindness of Man as their souls are cooked out of their bodies.  

You think God will save you?  Did you not just radically alter what he has wrought, with nary a by-your-leave-milord?  Are you not, even this moment, closing the eyes he worked so hard to provide you with?  Ignoring the cliff you walk toward, so cocky in your pride that you think Gravity itself would not dare to pull you to your demise at the bottom of a ravine?  Gravity that God made perfect the first time, you now think you are wiser than Him, and He will flick the switch to turn it off, even as you plumet to your death?  If I were God, I would conclude that you WANT to die.  I would feel it a mercy, to grant you your desire.  Start over with orangutans this time.  Put a big eternal sign up saying "DO NOT MESS WITH THERMOSTAT!."

Well Lord, I tried.  No use pointing out the nose on people's faces after they have removed their eyeballs cause they don't like what they see.  I keep pushing, the fools will slice their noses off just to spite me.  

Rant over, ye blind men.  I am not so far-seeing myself, since I intend to laugh at you all while we burn, glad that the Universe was wisely built in such a way that the trash takes itself out.  