
Introduction, about me.

Hello all, I am Rob.  

I've been on this planet Earth for around a half-century, and have seen: 

Darkness: pain, fear, hatred, anger, ignorance, sorrow, lies, and greed.

I've also seen:

Light: awe, love, joy, wisdom, patience, truth, kindness, and generosity.

I am filled up, with all of these and more, both dark and light.  They are sticky, easy to become a part of you, hard to remove.  I have a great desire to move toward the lighter end of this spectrum, but the ability to do so is a skill that is very challenging for me.  It takes alot of courage, a lot of will, and a lot of humility.  It is painful, humbling, draining, disorientating, and it can really shake you. 

A huge hurdle is that it is so much easier to just believe that you are good, there are plenty of examples of others that you can point your finger at and say: 

"Ha, no need for me to do all that work, because I don't have the flaw they do. I'm better!"  

But we can't see all of another's virtues, or even our own vices.  

I lucked out, learned earlier in my life that every single person, no matter their reputation or what you think you know, has some ability, quality, some understanding or skill that I will just never match.  I try to learn what I can from them, each person I meet a mentor to me. Even if I can't learn, can't improve my ability to do what they do, I still gain.  It highlights for me the amazing detail, depth, variety, and potential of this precise machine that we call reality, and it is achingly beautiful.  I gain by the act of witnessing.  

Impossible, elegant, logical, orderly and chaotic, incomprehensibly perfect yet understandable, the universe is magic.  It is miracle.  It is truth.  And it just lets you be a part of it, for free.  You.  Not some other potential soul out of the infinite variety of possible souls.  You.  Only the tiniest fraction of a fraction ever get to be born, this life is the rarest of gifts. 

I feel I kind of owe it, to all the never-to-be-born, to do a good job.  To not waste the spot I took from them. To appreciate it, and really see it.  Even when what I see hurts, like seeing how bad of a job I am doing at at. I have to see that, I have to admit it, because that is the ONLY way to learn to do it better.  The only way to reach for the Light.      















